Remove the USE_PUSH macro too (#317)
ionic-team/capacitor-site: pages/docs/v3/updating/3-0.md

     }
```

> ### Remove USE_PUSH macro

Reviewer: It's a minor technicality but, strictly speaking, it's not a macro as the Swift compiler doesn't use a preprocessor like a C compiler
```suggestion
### Remove USE_PUSH compilation condition
```

> If using the push notifications feature, in `ios/App/App/AppDelegate.swift`, update the following:

Reviewer: It's not at all clear why they might need to do this so I think providing some context would help.
```suggestion
If you are using push notifications, the recommendation is to remove the `USE_PUSH` compilation condition in `ios/App/App/AppDelegate.swift` to guarantee that the conditional code is included. Otherwise you will need to update the project's build settings to ensure the correct flag gets passed to the compiler. Update the following:
```

Author: Since this is an upgrade guide, the compilation option should be there as it was included by default on the template.
